Add shouldafound documentation, introduce soft wrap for code blocks (#669)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: src/components/procedure/_shouldafound.mdx

This example guides you through steps to report false negatives with Semgrep CLI:

1. See the following example file `test.go`:
    ```go                                    
    package main​
    
    import "fmt"
    
    func main() {
        fmt.Println("foo")
    }
    ```

1. In your command-line, run the following command:
    ```sh
    semgrep shouldafound --email "test@foo.com" <br /> --start 5 --end 7 -m "Semgrep missed vulnerable code here" ./test.go
    ```

    This sends the following information to semgrep.dev:

    ```sh
    {
        "email": "test@foo.com",
        "lines": "func main() {\n    fmt.Println(\"foo\")\n}\n",
        "message": "Semgrep missed vulnerable code here",
        "path": "test.go"
    }

> 1. If you are fine with sending this information to r2c use `y`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Press `y` to send this information to r2c:
```
